docs-user-Getting Started adjustments (#4365)
ynput/OpenPype: website/docs/artist_getting_started.md

## Working from home

If you are working from **home** though, you'll **need to install** it yourself. You should, however, receive the OpenPype installer files from your studio
admin, supervisor or production, because OpenPype versions and executables might not be compatible between studios.  

Installing OpenPype is possible by Installer or by unzipping downloaded ZIP archive to any drive location.

> For more detailed info about installing OpenPype please visit [Installation section](artist_install.md).

---

> You can run OpenPype by desktop "OP" icon (if exists after installing) or by directly executing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run OpenPype by desktop "OP" icon (if it exists after installing) or by directly executing
```

**openpype_gui.exe** located in the OpenPype folder. This executable being suitable **for artists**.

or alternatively by

**openpype_console.exe** which is more suitable for **TDs/Admin** for debugging and error reporting. This one runs with opened console window where all the necessary info will appear during user's work session.

> By seeing the "OP" icon in the OS tray user can easily tell OpenPype already running.

## First Launch

When you first start OpenPype, you will be asked to fill in some basic informations.

### MongoDB

> In most cases that will only be your studio MongoDB Address.
> It's a URL that you should have received from your Studio admin and most often will look like this 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases you will only have to supply the MongoDB Address.
It's the database URL you should have received from your Studio admin and often will look like this 
```

`mongodb://username:passwword@mongo.mystudiodomain.com:12345`

 or

 `mongodb://192.168.100.15:27071`

it really depends on your studio setup. When OpenPype Igniter
asks for it, just put it in the corresponding text field and press `install` button.

### OpenPype Version Repository

> Sometimes your Studio might also ask you to fill in the path to it's version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes your Studio might also ask you to fill in the path to its version
```

> repository. This is a location where OpenPype will be looking for when checking
> if it's up to date and where updates are installed from automatically. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository. This is a location where OpenPype will search for the latest versions, check
if it's up to date and where updates are installed from automatically. 
```

This path is usually taken from the database directly, so you shouldn't need it. 

## Updates

> If you're connected to your Studio, OpenPype will check for, and install updates automatically every time you run it. That's why during the first start, it will go through a quick update installation process, even though you might have just installed it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're connected to your Studio, OpenPype will check for, and install updates automatically every time you run it. That's why during the first start it can go through a quick update installation process, even though you might have just installed it. 
```

If you are working from home though, you'll need to install it yourself. You should, however, receive the OpenPype installer files from your studio
admin, supervisor or production, because OpenPype versions and executables might not be compatible between studios.  

Installing OpenPype is possible by Windows installer or by unzipping it anywhere on the disk from downloaded ZIP archive.

There are two options running OpenPype

> first most common one by using OP icon on the Desktop triggering

Reviewer: Admittedly this is hard for me to follow...

I have two options to install:
- Installer
- Unzipping ZIP archive

I have two options to run, but the added  'first most common one' mention makes it hard to follow because it's not visually connected to the line that it should be connected to.
First off, I think when unzipping the ZIP archive, there won't be an OP icon on the desktop.
Second, I'd refrain from abbreviating OpenPype to OP early on in the getting started guide, just to remain very explicit to the end user.

Author: @BigRoy Yeah, you are right, good points! Sry just starting with writing docs being noobish! Thanks for your input will take it on my mind when correcting it!

**openpype_gui.exe** suitable for artists. It runs OpenPype GUI in the OS tray. From there you can run all the available tools. To use any of the features, OpenPype must be running in the tray.

or alternatively by using

> **openpype_console.exe** located in the OpenPype folder which is suitable for TDs/admins for debugging and error reporting. It opens console window where all the necessary information will appear during user's work. 

Reviewer: Aren't both executables located in that folder? I'd either mention it prior to both or not mention it only here. This makes it feel like `openpype_gui.exe` is NOT located there and leaves me wondering where `openpype_gui.exe` would be located.
